- JODIE: (GRUNTS)
(COIN CLACKING)
(PHONE CONNECTING)
- NATHAN: (VIA PHONE)
Hello?
- JODIE: Nathan...
- NATHAN: Jodie? Jodie, where are you?
- JODIE: Watch your back.
- NATHAN: Good god, Jodie.
What's happening?
- JODIE: I'm tired.
I'm so tired.
I don't think I'm gonna make it.
- NATHAN: Tell me where you are!
I'll come. I'll come right now, Jodie!
Jodie?
- JODIE: (HANGS UP)
- MAN: Huh?
Alright, who's there?
am I shitting my mind?
Jodie, NO!
- JODIE: (SCREAMS)
- MAN: Come on, girl.
Drink.
Hey.
I was beginning to think you'd never wake up.
- JODIE: Where am I?
- MAN: (CHUCKLES)
You're in my place, kid.
Not very luxurious, but...
It's quiet.
I found you on the streets a few days ago.
You were in pretty bad shape.
- JODIE: You've been taking care of me?
- MAN: Ah, come on. Somebody had to.
I couldn't leave you lying there...
dying like a dog in the street.
My name's Stan.
What's your name?
- JODIE: Jodie.
- STAN: Welcome back
to the land of the living, Jodie.
Nice to have some company
every once in a while.
You want some coffee?
It's strong, tastes like shit, but...
It'll hold you up against the cold.
Careful, it's hot.
(DISTANT VEHICLE PASSING)
How long have you been on the streets, kid?
- JODIE: Oh... just... like a few days.
- STAN: (SCOFFS) Really?
You're pretty beat up as somebody ### for a few days.
###
I don't know how many times
I thought I was just gonna...
Snuff it. Go completely nuts, you know.
But I guess you can get used to anything.
Even live with nothing.
You're on a run?
Hm?
Parents?
Crazy boyfriend, something like that?
- JODIE: I guess I'm...
...running away from me.
- STAN: (SCOFFS)
Ain't we all, kid?
Ain't we all?
And the problem is...
We never can run far enough
to figure exactly who we are.
You got some place to go?
Family?
Friends. Somebody's missing you?
- JODIE: I don't know.
I don't wanna talk about it.
- STAN: You're right, I'm sorry.
Sorry, it's not my goddamn business.
You can stay here if you like.
I ain't got much to share but...
Whatever I get's yours.
- JODIE: Thanks.
Thanks, Stan.
- STAN: Yeah.
- JODIE: Do you know the others?
- STAN: That's Walter over there. (CHUCKLES)
He drinks a little bit too much
but he's a good guy.
And that's Jimmy.
Better steer clear of him
when he can't get a fix.
And that girl, it's Tuesday.
She's pregnant.
Poor kid.
- JODIE: Why did you help me?
- STAN: Wasn't gonna let you freeze to death.
I was able to help you so I did.
(CHUCKLES) It's no big deal.
- JODIE: I wish you shouldn't have saved me.
- STAN: I know, kid... I know.
###
Sometimes you just gotta...
...hang on in there
and just wait for it to pass.
### Everybody here has their own place.
###
- JODIE: Ghost?
She...
She looks like she has something to say.
- WOMAN: I've got the results of the tests, Stan.
- STAN: We got no more food left.
Got nothing left to eat.
Gotta do something about it.
You wanna see how those work around here?
- JODIE: Yeah... yeah, okay.
(VEHICLES PASSING)
- STAN: We need to make about five dollars
and that's for something hot.
Alright, we'll try here.
Hopefully, the cold will make people
feel more generous.
- JODIE: I'm so cold.
How long does it take to get five dollars?
- STAN: I dunno...
depends on people's good grace.
Could take... a couple of hours.
Could take a week.
- JODIE: Hey, Stan.
I don't think it makes sense
for both of us being in the same place.
I might go try over there.
- STAN: Good luck, kid.
- MAN: Hey, baby.
Looking for a few extra dollars?
Maybe I can help you out.
- JODIE: Is that your guitar?
- MAN 2: Yep... just about froze my finger off
trying to play it before.
You wanna try?
Be my guest.
(GUITAR SOUND GET TUNED)
♪ (PLAYING LOST CAUSE BY BECK) ♪
- JODIE: ♪ Your sorry eyes... ♪
♪ They cut through the bone. ♪
♪ They make it hard... ♪
♪ ...to leave you alone. ♪
♪ Leave you here... ♪
♪ wearing in your wounds. ♪
♪ Waving your guns at... ♪
♪ ...somebody new... Oh... ♪
♪ Baby you're a lost. ♪
♪ Baby, you're a lost. ♪
♪ Baby you're a lost cause. ♪
♪ Tired of fighting ♪
♪ Fighting for a lost cause ♪
(MUSIC STOPS)
- MAN 2: (CLAPS) Wow.
- JODIE: Thanks.
We've got enough.
Let's go see how Stan's doing.
How's it going?
- STAN: Not great. You?
Holy shhh...
Jodie, where did you get all this cash?
- JODIE: I found it.
There was a guy with a guiatr and...
I played guitar, I mean, I...
Well, I made it. I made a few bucks.
- STAN: Oh, wow. That's something.
It's really something!
Stay right here.
I'm gonna go get us some food.
- MAN 1: Ooh, whacha got there, old ###?
- MAN 2: Look at him. You win a lottery?
Lucky son of a bitch!
- STAN: I don't want any trouble.
- MAN 1: Trouble? Trouble? That is
disrepectful old man. Do we look like trouble?
- MAN 2: He thinks we look like trouble.
- STAN: Oh, come on, guys.
- JODIE: Fuck!
- JODIE: Back off and you won't get hurt!
- JODIE: Hey.
- STAN: How did you do that?
- JODIE: I learnt how to fight in the army.
- STAN: Yeah, but...
there were four of them.
Just one of you.
- JODIE: Four arseholes.
They did not know how to fight.
- STAN: (CHUCKLES)
- JODIE: Let's get outta here
before they come back.
- STAN: Alright, guys.
Come and get it.
Come on, Jodie.
Help yourself.
- WALTER: Chocolate? I don't recognise
remembering what that tastes like
- JIMMY: (GIGGLES)
- WALTER: What happened to you, Stan?
- STAN: I got in a fight.
If it wasn't for Jodie
I'd still be lying there.
You should've seen it.
There were four guys.
- JODIE: When-when is your baby due?
- TUESDAY: Next moth.
She hasn't been kicking for days.
I hope she's alright.
- STAN: Her boyfriend used to beat her up.
- TUESDAY: He didn't want a baby.
He probably went kill her.
- JODIE: Jimmy?
Are you okay?
- JIMMY: I'm cold.
I'm so fucking cold.
- WALTER: Drugs.
- JODIE: Walter.
How did you end up here?
- WALTER: I was a high school teacher.
Until I stop being able to pay back the loans.
Lost my house, my jobs, all my friends.
###
- JODIE: Did you know those guys?
- STAN: Yeah, I've seen then before.
###
I guess they'd like to show off.
Big men with the friends.
- WALTER: Crazy motherfuckers.
They got me once.
Still haven't recovered.
- TUESDAY: How about you, Jodie?
You haven't said much about yourself.
How did you end up on the street?
- JODIE: It's something
that I'm not proud of.
Until I realised I was being used.
I know that...
this is gonna sound really strange.
But I'm... I'm different.
It makes my whole life a fucking mess.
- WALTER: You said you were different, Jodie.
In what way?
- JODIE: It doesn't matter anymore.
Tuesday.
Do you wanna know how your baby is?
Give me your hands.
(BABY'S HEART BEATING)
Don't worry about your baby.
Everything's alright.
- TUESDAY: How did you know?
- JODIE: I know.
I saw her.
Poor Jimmy.
- JIMMY: The pain's gone.
How?
How did you do that?
- STAN: What're you doing?
- JODIE: Trust me.
- STAN: Jodie, you alright?
- JODIE: (IN STAN'S WIFE VOICE)
Stan, my love.
- STAN: Jodie, stop it, it's not funny.
- JODIE: (IN STAN'S WIFE VOICE)
It's been a long time, Stan.
Four long years.
- STAN: (INHALES DEEPLY)
###?
###
Can't be you!
- JODIE: (IN STAN'S WIFE VOICE)
It is me, my love. I never left.
I've been here beside you all this time.
- STAN: Oh my god.
- JODIE: (IN STAN'S WIFE VOICE)
Breaks my heart to see you so lost, so desparate.
- STAN: ###
I'm empty without you, my love.
So empty.
- JODIE: (IN STAN'S WIFE VOICE)
Stop living in the past, Stan.
Nothing's gonna change
what we had together.
Now you have to start a new life.
Go back to work, fall in love, just...
...be happy again.
For me, Stan.
Do it for me.
- STAN: ###
God, help me, I miss you.
(SOBBING)
- WALTER: It's a miracle.
It's a goddamn miracle.
- STAN: Listen, Jodie.
Thanks.
- TUESDAY: (GROANS)
- JODIE: (GASPS)
Tuesday?
Is it?
- STAN: She's got contraction.
- WALTER: We need an ambulance.
We need a whole goddamn hospital!
- TUESDAY: No... No no hospital. (GROANS)
They'll take my baby.
No one's gonna take my baby.
- WALTER: Jesus Chirst, girl!
We ain't got nothing here!
Ain't got as much as a blanket, hot water...
We got nothing!
- TUESDAY: My baby... (WHIMPERS)
I don't want my baby to die... (GROANS)
- STAN: Whoa whoa whoa whoa.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Hold on. Calm down. Calm down.
Find a way.
Alright, alright Jimmy.
Down the road that way's
just a whole abandoned building.
Figure out a way inside.
- JIMMY: On my way.
- STAN: Go.
Walter, you sit here
and stay here with Tuesday, okay?
Jodie, come on.
We're gotta go get everything we need.
And you, gril!
Don't be having no baby
until we get back, alright?
- TUESDAY: I am trying!
But you better damn well hurry! (GROANS)
- STAN: Jodie, come on!
- JODIE: What're we gonna do?
Do you know a doctor?
- STAN: No. Besides, we don't have any money
to pay for anyone.
- JODIE: So what are we gonna do?
- STAN: Listen.
I want this baby to have a chance.
A tiny little chance in this fucked up world.
I want it to be warm, and have a diaper,
and a decent clothes like any other human beings.
###
- JODIE: Okay, so what's your plan?
- STAN: I don't have...
But we'll figure it out. Come on!
- STAN: There's all we need in there.
We just gotta get in.
Goddammit!
There must be a way.
There must be a fucking way!
- JODIE: Leave it to me.
- STAN: Huh?
Why, what're you gonna do?
- JODIE: Just trust me.
Wait a sec.
It feels like we missed something.
Okay, alarm off.
It'll save us some trouble later.
- STAN: Damn ### How did you do that?
- JODIE: No time to explain.
Let's just take what we need
and get outta here.
- STAN: I took everything I could.
- JODIE: Okay, let's get the hell outta here.
- JIMMY: Whoa, there you are.
Hurry! Her water broke!
- STAN: Did you get her
into the building I told you about?
- JIMMY: Yeah yeah, Walter ###
Come on, we need to hurry!
It's this way!
- TUESDAY: (GROANING)
- WALTER: Just in time, guys.
Seems like it's gonna be any minute now.
- JIMMY: Now what?
Anybody know what to do?
- TUESDAY: Leave!
All of you. Except Jodie.
I just want Jodie.
You know that I've never done
anything like this before?
- TUESDAY: (CHUCKLES)
Well, me neither, just...
...didn't want those guys standing around
staring at me while I'm wrecked in pain. (GROANS)
- JODIE: Okay.
Okay, don't worry.
Don't worry, we're gonna figure this out.
We're gonna figure this out.
I mean how hard can it be?
- TUESDAY: (SCREAMS)
- JODIE: Okay, heat. Heat.
We need heat.
Okay, let me just help you get those off.
I'll just clean up this whole mattress.
Hang in there.
Okay, you can do it!
Breathe, okay?
Breathe, Tuesday.
Just keep breathing in and out.
In and out.
- TUESDAY: I am breathing!
I'm fucking breathing! (GROANS)
- JODIE: You're doing fine.
Okay, you're doing just fine!
Come on, push!
Push!
You're nearly there, okay?
I can see it!
I can see the head.
I can see the head, just push! Push!
You did it, Tuesday!
(BABY CRIES)
We gotta cut the cord.
- TUESDAY: Hey... babe...
It's not ### easy so far, babe.
But we're gonna make it.
Me and you.
I promise.
Nothing can stop us now.
- JODIE: I'll go get the others.
- JIMMY: Wow!
It's so... tiny.
- TUESDAY: It's a girl.
Her name is Zoe.
- WALTER: Shit, man!
She's goddamn amazing!
- TUESDAY: Hey! Watch your language, Walter.
She understands everything you say.
- STAN: She's more than amazing.
She's magnificent.
- TUESDAY: I couldn't have done it
without you guys.
And Jodie.
- STAN: ###
###
(GLASS BREAKING)
(FIRE BURNING)
- JODIE: What?
Oh shit!
(COUGHS)
Stan, Stan wake up!
- STAN: What the...
Oh god!
- JODIE: Where are the others?
- STAN: Walter's on this floor.
Jimmy, and Tuesday, and Zoe are all upstairs.
- JODIE: Get outta here.
I'll go get them.
- STAN: No no I'll come with you!
- JODIE: No no I'm going alone!
- STAN: But...
- JODIE: I SAID GET OUT OF HERE!
(COUGHING)
- WALTER: Hel... (COUGHS) Help!
- JODIE: Aiden, blast the door!
- WALTER: (COUGHING)
Tuesday, Tuesday and the baby.
They're upstairs.
We gotta save them
before the whole place burned down.
- JODIE: I'm on it! Get out!
- JIMMY: Help me!
Someone help me!
- TUESDAY: We can't get out!
(BABY CRIES)
- JODIE: Come on, Jimmy! Jump!
JUMP!
- JIMMY: No... No I can't make it!
- JODIE: You can!
- JIMMY: I can't make it!
- JODIE: YOU CAN! COME ON, JUMP!
If he doesn't move,
we need to make him move.
- JIMMY: What happened?
- JODIE: Get out! Now!
- JIMMY: The baby!
You gotta get the baby! Next door!
(SIREN SOUND IN THE DISTANCE)
- TUESDAY: Jodie!
- JODIE: Come on. Let's get outta here!
- TUESDAY: We're stuck. We're stuck!
- JODIE: You gotta have to trust me, okay?
Aiden, I need you now!
- TUESDAY: We're cornered!
Oh god, my baby, my baby!
- JODIE: Shit... Shit!
Think, Jodie, think!
Alright, down stairs, quick!
- TUESDAY: Jodie! Jodie, are you alright?
- JODIE: Keep going! Okay, get outta here!
Save me, Aiden.
- STAN: Jodie... Jodie!
Oh my god, you're alive!
- WALTER: I don't how you did that...
But it was incredible!
- JODIE: Zoe... How's Zoe?
- TUESDAY: Good... She's good.
- WALTER: How did the damn fire start?
- STAN: Hey hey hey hey hey!
Leave her alone!
- STAN: She's not breathing.
She's not breathing!
- FIREFIGHTER: Oxygen. We need oxygen!
- TUESDAY: Jodie... Jodie no!
- STAN: Please, don't leave us Jodie!
Don't leave us!